1- Create a new VPC.
2- Create public subnets.
3- Enable auto-assign public IP addresses for public subnets.
4- Create private subnets.
5- Create the Internet Gateway.
6- attach the Internet Gateway to the new VPC.
7- Create route table for public subnets to route traffic through Internet Gateway.
8- Associate public subnets to public route table.
9- Add the default route in public route table towards Internet Gateway.
10- Create NAT Gateway for private subnets.
11- Create route table for private subnets to route traffic through NAT Gateway.
12- Associate private subnets to private route table.
13- Ensuring NAT Gateway are up and available.
14- Add the default route in private route tables towards NAT Gateway
15- Create the required security group for EC2 instances.
16- Add security group ingress/inbound rules for ports [22,80,443].
17- Add egress/outbound rule to the WebSG - allowing traffic for updates and download any required packages.
18- Launch EC2 instances in public subnets.
19- Ensuring all instances are in running State.
20- Create Client Objects for other Services like Load Balancer , Auto Scaling, and RDS:-
    A- Create a client Object for Elastic Load Balancing.
    B- Create a client object for Auto Scaling.
    C- Create a client for RDS.
21 - Create a target group.
22 - Register EC2 (targets) to the target group.
23 - Create an application load balancer:-
    A- Create the Load balancer Security Group.
    B- add ingress/inbound rule to the ALB SG , allowing HTTP Traffic inbound.
    C- add egress/outbound rules to the ALB SG - allowing outbound port 80 towards WebSG security group.
    D- creating the ALB itself.
    E- Ensuring Load Balancer is available and up.
24- Create a listener for the load balancer.
25- Configure the auto-scaling group:-
    A- Create the Launch Configuration.
    B- Crate the auto-scaling group.
26 - create the RDS DataBase in private subnets and its security group:-
    A- Create a DB security group.
    B- Authorize inbound access to the DB security group from only WebSG security group.
    C - Create the DB Subnet Group.
    D- Launch The Multi-AZ RDS database.

